1. List all the DOM objects names below.
ANS: Document, Element, Attribute ,Event ,Stylimg


2. List all the BOM objects names below.
ANS:	Navigator , History , Window , Location ,Screen.


3.1. Find out most commonly used functions(minimum 4) of "document" object and write their purpose with a code snippet which proves the purpose.
ANS:	 1.Finding HTML Elements  
	   snipet : document.getElementById(id)	  						 //Find an element by element id

	2.Changing HTML Elements
	 snipet :element.innerHTML =  new html content						//Change the inner HTML of an element
	
	3.Adding and Deleting Elements
	 Snipet: document.createElement(element)						//Create an HTML element
	
	4.Adding Events Handlers
	snipet : document.getElementById(id).onclick = function(){code}	  			//Adding event handler code to an onclick event

	5.Finding HTML Objects
	snipet: document.anchors								//Returns all <a> elements that have a name attribute	



3.2. Find out most commonly used functions(minimum 4) of "window" object and write their purpose with a code snippet which proves the purpose.
ANS:	1.window.open() - open a new window
	2.window.close() - close the current window
	3.window.moveTo() -move the current window
	4.window.resizeTo() -resize the current window


4. Create an HTML page with a button on it, when the button is clicked, it should display an alert box with text "Hello World"


5. Create an HTML page with a button on it, when the button is clicked, it should display the text "Hello World" on the page.
NOTE: The buttton might have gone after text appears


6. Create an HTML page with a button on it, when the button is clicked, it should display the text "Hello World" on the page, just below the button.
NOTE: This time the button should not go off, it is still visible and present on the page.



7. Create an HTML Page with a textbox and a button, write anything in the text box and click on the button, Onclick of the button it should display the text on the alert box that was entered in the textbox.



8. Create an HTML Page with a textbox and a button, write anything in the text box and click on the button, Onclick of the button it should display the text just below the textbox on the webpage that was entered in the textbox.